Add breaking changes on migration guide (#201)
neo4j/docs-graphql: modules/ROOT/pages/migration/index.adoc

Here is a list of all the breaking changes from version 5.0.0 to 6.0.0.

=== Changed minimum Node.js version to 20.0.0

The minimum Node.js version required to run the Neo4j GraphQL Library is now 20.0.0.

=== Changed minimum Neo4j version to 5.0.0

The minimum Neo4j version required to run the Neo4j GraphQL Library is now 5.0.0.

> === Removed the deprecated `@relationship` implicit `_SOME` filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Removed the deprecated implicit "some" filter from `@relationship`
```

> The deprecated `@relationship` filter without the operator suffix has been removed in favor of the `_SOME` filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The deprecated "some" filter without operator suffix has been removed from `@relationship` in favor of the explicit `_SOME` filter.
```

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(where: { actors: { name: "Keanu" } }) {
    title
  }
}
----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(where: { actors_SOME: { name: "Keanu" } }) {
    title
  }
}
----
|===

> === Invalid filters in Aggregation filter inputs are being removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Removed invalid filters in aggregation filter inputs
```

> === Invalid filters in Aggregation filter inputs are being removed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Invalid filters in Aggregation filter inputs have been removed
```

Reviewer 2: Or `Removed invalid filters in Aggregation filter inputs`

> In previous versions of the Library, the input used for aggregation filters contained filters that did not rely on aggregating functions. Those filters were deprecated in previous Library versions and removed from the schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In previous versions of the library, the input used for aggregation filters contained filters that did not rely on aggregating functions.
These filters were deprecated in previous library versions and are removed from the schema.
```

> In previous versions of the Library, the input used for aggregation filters contained filters that did not rely on aggregating functions. Those filters were deprecated in previous Library versions and removed from the schema.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In previous versions of the Library, the input used for aggregation filters contained filters that did not rely on aggregating functions. Those filters were deprecated in previous library versions and removed from the schema.
```

Reviewer 2: either this or use the full name GraphQL Library

To see the aggregating functions supported on filtering refer to xref:/queries-aggregations/filtering.adoc#_aggregation_filtering[Aggregation filtering],

> === String aggregation filters that are not using `_LENGTH` are removed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Removed string aggregation filters not using `_LENGTH`
```

> String aggregations are computed using lengths, and the `_LENGTH` suffix is now required for all string aggregation filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since string aggregations are computed using length, they now require the `_LENGTH` suffix for all string aggregation filters.
```

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(
    where: { actorsAggregate: { node: { name_AVERAGE_EQUAL: 1.5 } } }
  ) {
    title
  }
}

----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(
    where: { actorsAggregate: { node: { name_AVERAGE_LENGTH_EQUAL: 1.5 } } }
  ) {
    title
  }
}

----
|===

=== Removed the deprecated `options` argument from `assertIndexesAndConstraints`

The deprecated `options` argument from the `assertIndexesAndConstraints` utility has been removed.

> Database migrations are outside of the scope of the Neo4j GraphQL Library, and all indexes and constraints will have to be managed manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Database migrations are outside of the scope of the Neo4j GraphQL Library, and all indexes and constraints will have to be managed manually.
```

Worth mentioning that we still provide support for verifying? Also potentially linking to documentation about how to create indexes, just to be nice?

> === Removed top-level argument that are not `update` from the top-level update

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Removed top-level arguments that are not `update` from the top-level update
```

> === Removed top-level argument that are not `update` from the top-level update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Removed top-level arguments that are not `update` from the top-level update
```
double-check if this was meant to be plural

Author: yes, multiple arguments are removed!

The top-level `update` mutation now only accepts the `update` argument.

> The nested operation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following nested  operations are moved into the `update` argument:
```

> The nested operation:
> 
>   - create
>   - create
>   - delete
>   - connect
>   - disconnect
>   - connectOrCreate
> 
> Are now moved into the `update` argument.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following nested operations have been moved into the `update` argument:

  - create
  - create
  - delete
  - connect
  - disconnect
  - connectOrCreate
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation UpdatePeople {
    updatePeople(create: { movies: { node: { title: "The Good" } } }) {
        people {
            name
        }
    }
}
----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
mutation UpdatePeople {
    updatePeople(create: { movies: { node: { title: "The Good" } } }) {
        people {
            name
        }
    }
}

> ----

Reviewer: these two are the same - maybe a copy-paste-error?

Author: Nice catch!

|===

=== Changed the sort argument for interfaces Connection fields

> The sort argument for interfaces Connection fields is now a list of non nullable element.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The sort argument for interfaces Connection fields is now a list of non-nullable elements.
```

> The sort argument for interfaces Connection fields is now a list of non nullable element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Changed the sort argument for interfaces connection fields

The sort argument for interfaces connection fields is now a list of non-nullable elements.
```

Here is a list of all the breaking changes from version 5.0.0 to 6.0.0.

=== Changed minimum Node.js version to 20.0.0

The minimum Node.js version required to run the Neo4j GraphQL Library is now 20.0.0.

=== Changed minimum Neo4j version to 5.0.0

The minimum Neo4j version required to run the Neo4j GraphQL Library is now 5.0.0.

> === Removed the deprecated implicit "some" filter from `@relationship`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Removed the deprecated implicit `some` filter from `@relationship`
```
I'm not 100% sure, but I think that this makes it more consistent.

> The deprecated "some" filter without operator suffix has been removed from `@relationship` in favor of the explicit `_SOME` filter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deprecated `some` filter without operator suffix has been removed from `@relationship` in favor of the explicit `_SOME` filter.
```

I'm not 100% sure, but I think that this makes it more consistent.

Reviewer: hm... i used " " because it's implicit. i wanted to use different markup than for keywords which actually exist

Reviewer 2: That's a good point.

----
|===

> === The bookmark field has been removed from the schema

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Removed the bookmark field from the schema
```

> === The bookmark field has been removed from the schema

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Removed the bookmark field from the schema
```

> The bookmark field has been removed from the Mutation info response as it is no longer required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The bookmark field has been removed from the mutation information responses (CreateInfo, UpdateInfo, DeleteInfo) as it is no longer required.
```

> The bookmark field has been removed from the Mutation info response as it is no longer required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bookmark field has been removed from the mutation info response as it is no longer required.
```

> === The `excludeDeprecatedFields` setting in the Neo4jFeaturesSettings has been changed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Changed the `excludeDeprecatedFields` setting in the Neo4jFeaturesSettings
```

As in version 6.x many of the deprecated fields have been removed, the `excludeDeprecatedFields` setting has been modified to reflect these changes.

The following fields have been removed:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  - `bookmark`
  - `negationFilters`
  - `arrayFilters`
  - `stringAggregation`
  - `aggregationFilters`
  - `nestedUpdateOperationsFields`

The following fields have been added:

  - `implicitEqualFilters`
  - `deprecatedOptionsArgument`
  - `directedArgument`

== Additions

> === Added `count_EQ` as alternative to the deprecated count

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Added `count_EQ` as an alternative to the deprecated count filter
```

> === Added `count_EQ` as alternative to the deprecated count

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Added `count_EQ` as an alternative to the deprecated `count` filter
```

The `count_EQ` filter is now available as an alternative to the deprecated `count` filter.

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(where: { actorsAggregate: { count: 10 } }) {
    title
  }
}
----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(where: { actorsAggregate: { count_EQ: 10 } }) {
    title
  }
}
----
|===

> === Added the _EQ filter as alternative of the deprecated implicit equal filters

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=== Added the _EQ filter as an alternative to the deprecated implicit equal filters
```

> === Added the _EQ filter as alternative of the deprecated implicit equal filters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Added the `_EQ` filter as an alternative to the deprecated implicit "equal" filter
```

> The `_EQ` filter is now available as an alternative to the deprecated implicit equal filters.

Reviewer 2: Here you've written `filters` while in count it is just `filter` which is the most correct?

> The `_EQ` filter is now available as an alternative to the deprecated implicit equal filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `_EQ` filter is now available as an alternative to the deprecated implicit "equal" filter.
```

----
|===

=== Deprecated the implicit equality filters

> Previously when a field in a filter was present in filter without specifying the operator, it was treated as an equality filter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Previously when a field in a filter was present in a filter without specifying the operator, it was treated as an equality filter.
```

> Previously when a field in a filter was present in filter without specifying the operator, it was treated as an equality filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, if a field was present in a filter without specifying the operator, it was treated as an equality filter.
```

> 
> This behavior is now deprecated and will be removed in the future. Please, use the `_EQ` filter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This behavior is now deprecated and will be removed in the future.
Use the `_EQ` filter instead.
```

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(where: { title: "The Matrix" }) {
    title
  }
}
----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(where: { title_EQ: "The Matrix" }) {
    title
  }
}
----
|===

=== Deprecated pagination `options` argument

> The `options` argument in query and `@relationship` fields is deprecated and will be removed in the future. Use the `limit`, `offset` and `sort` arguments instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `options` argument in query and `@relationship` fields is deprecated and will be removed in the future.
Use the `limit`, `offset` and `sort` arguments instead.
```

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Before | Now

a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(options: { limit: 10, offset: 10, sort: { title: ASC } }) {
    title
  }
}
----
a|
[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies(limit: 10, offset: 10, sort: { title: ASC }) {
    title
  }
}
----
|===

=== Deprecated `directed` argument in `@relationship` fields

> The `directed` argument was used to change the query direction of the relationship field at the query time, for instance:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `directed` argument was used to change the query direction of the relationship field at query time, for instance:
```

> The `directed` argument was used to change the query direction of the relationship field at the query time, for instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `directed` argument was used to change the query direction of the relationship field at query time, for instance:
```

[source, graphql, indent=0]
----
{
  movies {
    title
    actors(directed: false) {
      name
    }
  }
}
----

The `directed` argument in `@relationship` fields is deprecated and will be removed in the future.

> Please configure this using `queryDirection` and `direction` arguments of the `@relationship` directive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please configure this using the `queryDirection` and `direction` arguments of the `@relationship` directive.
```

> Please configure this using `queryDirection` and `direction` arguments of the `@relationship` directive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the query direction via the `queryDirection` and `direction` arguments of the `@relationship` directive instead.
```
